1.In our coffee shop example, a barista and customer were used to represent the client-server model. The barista represents the server and a customer represents the client.
Which scenario BEST describes how the client-server model works in this analogy?
(A) The customer takes a cup of coffee from a self-serve station without informing the barista. This describes how a client and server do not interact.
(B) The barista proactively prepares a coffee and brings it to the customer without being asked. This describes how the client does not need to submit a request to the server.
(C) The customer makes their own coffee using the coffee shop equipment without interacting with the barista. This describes how the client does not require the server.
(D) The customer goes to the barista and places an order for a coffee. The barista prepares the coffee and hands it back to the customer. This describes how the client places the request, and the server responds.
Answer :D

2.You work for a local charity organization. Your organization has sensitive data that must remain within your country for compliance reasons. However, you also need a solution that can scale quickly to handle seasonal spikes in demand. You decide to keep on-premises resources for compliance and use cloud-based resources for dynamic scaling.
Which type of cloud deployment does this situation describe?
(A) On-premises deployment
(B) Public cloud deployment
(C) Hybrid deployment
(D) Data-compliance deployment
Answer: C

3.A retail business plans to launch a new line of clothing, but they are struggling with accurately predicting how much server capacity they will need to support the launch.
Which benefit of the AWS Cloud is most relevant to this situation?
(A) Stop spending money to run and maintain data centers.
(B) Stop guessing capacity.
(C) Trade upfront expense for variable expense.
(D) Go global in minutes.
Answer: B

4.You just joined a tech start-up, and the business is growing rapidly. Your new company decides that they need to design a resilient and scalable infrastructure on AWS to handle increased traffic and help ensure high availability.
Which statement BEST describes the AWS Global Infrastructure benefit of high availability?
(A) AWS stores all of your website’s data in a single AWS storage bucket to centralize data management.
(B) AWS has many customer support options to make sure the answers to your questions are highly available on its website.
(C) AWS provides multiple data centers across different geographic regions so your website can remain operational even if one location faces issues.
(D) AWS offers a single, highly secure data center that can handle all your traffic, which makes sure that your website is available.
Answer: C
